fails:The defined? keyword when called with a method name having a module as receiver returns nil if the method is private
fails:The defined? keyword when called with a method name having a module as receiver returns nil if the method is protected
fails:The defined? keyword when called with a method name having a module as receiver returns nil if the class is not defined
fails:The defined? keyword when called with a method name having a module as receiver returns nil if the subclass is not defined
fails:The defined? keyword when called with a method name having a local variable as receiver returns nil if the variable does not exist
fails:The defined? keyword when called with a method name having a local variable as receiver calls #respond_to_missing?
fails:The defined? keyword when called with a method name having a class variable as receiver returns nil if the variable does not exist
fails:The defined? keyword when called with a method name having a method call as a receiver returns nil if evaluating the receiver raises an exception
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression returns nil for an expression with == and an undefined method
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression returns nil for an expression with != and an undefined method
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression returns nil for an expression with !~ and an undefined method
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression with logical connectives returns nil for an expression with '!' and an undefined method
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression with logical connectives returns nil for an expression with '!' and an unset class variable
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression with logical connectives returns nil for an expression with 'not' and an undefined method
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression with logical connectives returns nil for an expression with 'not' and an unset class variable
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression with logical connectives does not propagate an exception raised by a method in a 'not' expression
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression with logical connectives returns nil for an expression with '!' and an unset global variable
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression with logical connectives returns nil for an expression with '!' and an unset instance variable
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression with logical connectives returns nil for an expression with 'not' and an unset global variable
fails:The defined? keyword for an expression with logical connectives returns nil for an expression with 'not' and an unset instance variable
fails:The defined? keyword for variables returns 'global-variable' for $!
fails:The defined? keyword for variables returns 'global-variable for $~
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a String does not match a Regexp returns nil for $&
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a String does not match a Regexp returns nil for $`
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a String does not match a Regexp returns nil for $'
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a String does not match a Regexp returns nil for $+
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a String does not match a Regexp returns nil for $1-$9
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a String matches a Regexp returns nil for non-captures
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a Regexp does not match a String returns nil for $&
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a Regexp does not match a String returns nil for $`
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a Regexp does not match a String returns nil for $'
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a Regexp does not match a String returns nil for $+
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a Regexp does not match a String returns nil for $1-$9
fails:The defined? keyword for variables when a Regexp matches a String returns nil for non-captures
fails:The defined? keyword for a scoped constant returns nil when the undefined constant is scoped to an undefined constant
fails:The defined? keyword for a top-level scoped constant returns nil when the undefined constant is scoped to an undefined constant
fails:The defined? keyword for a self-send method call scoped constant returns nil if the middle constant is not defined in the scope chain
fails:The defined? keyword for a receiver method call scoped constant returns nil if the middle constant is not defined in the scope chain
fails:The defined? keyword for a module method call scoped constant returns nil if the middle constant in the scope chain is not defined
fails:The defined? keyword for a module method call scoped constant returns nil if the outer scope constant in the receiver is not defined
fails:The defined? keyword for a module method call scoped constant returns nil if the scoped constant in the receiver is not defined
fails:The defined? keyword for super returns nil when a superclass undef's the method
fails:The defined? keyword for super for a method taking no arguments returns 'super' from a block when a superclass method exists
fails:The defined? keyword for super for a method taking no arguments returns 'super' from a #define_method when a superclass method exists
fails:The defined? keyword for super for a method taking no arguments returns 'super' from a block in a #define_method when a superclass method exists
fails:The defined? keyword for super for a method taking arguments returns 'super' from a block when a superclass method exists
fails:The defined? keyword for super for a method taking arguments returns 'super' from a #define_method when a superclass method exists
fails:The defined? keyword for super for a method taking arguments returns 'super' from a block in a #define_method when a superclass method exists
fails:The defined? keyword for literals for a literal Array returns nil if one element is not defined
fails:The defined? keyword for literals for a literal Array returns nil if all elements are not defined
fails:The defined? keyword for a scoped constant returns nil when a constant is scoped to an undefined constant
fails:The defined? keyword for a scoped constant returns nil when a constant is defined on top-level but not on the module
fails:The defined? keyword for pseudo-variables returns 'expression' for __ENCODING__
fails:The defined? keyword for loop expressions returns 'expression' for a 'for' expression
fails:The defined? keyword for loop expressions returns 'expression' for a 'redo' expression
fails:The defined? keyword for loop expressions returns 'expression' for a 'retry' expression
